*Job Posting*

Title: Band 4 - Director, Operations
Position Classification: Band 4
Union N/A

Salary Range  $96,400.00 - $128,100.03 annually
Close Date
3/9/2023
Job Type
Regular Full Time
Temporary End Date
Ministry/Organization
BC Public Service -> Env & Climate Change Strategy
Ministry Branch / Division
Compliance and Environmental Enforcement Branch
Job Summary
Apply your sound judgement and analytical skills in a key leadership role

Within the Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Strategy, the Compliance and Enforcement Division (CED) works to protect the human and environmental health throughout the province and provides leadership on behalf of the Ministry of Environment by ensuring compliance with environmental legislation.  The CED also works closely with local communities, industry, environmental stakeholders and First Nations and other federal or provincial agencies to ensure environmental protection is achieved.  

The role of the Director, Operations is to manage compliance and environmental enforcement operations, including the control of financial and human resources. This position reports directly to the Executive Director, Compliance and Environmental Enforcement Branch. The duties of the Director are usually performed with a maximum of independence and discretion. 

Job Requirements:

•    Bachelor’s Degree in Environmental Science/Environmental Studies or Resource Management or a related field and five (5) years of extensive *progressive recent and related experience; OR,
•    Technical diploma and seven (7) years of extensive *progressive recent and related experience.
*Progressive recent and related experience must include:
•    Experience assessing environmental compliance and making sound compliance and enforcement decisions.
•    Experience in a compliance and enforcement setting providing expert advice and/or leadership to management teams, working groups on complex projects or issues.
 

PROVISO
•    This position is required to frequently travel with occasional travel to the USA, as well as work irregular hours, and be on-call/available to the Executive Director.

For questions regarding this position, please contact Brady.Nelless@gov.bc.ca.
 
About this Position:
This position is excluded from union membership.

An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and/or permanent vacancies.

We offer flexible work arrangements, including the opportunity to volunteer to telework (with conditions) as set out in applicable employer policies.

Working for the BC Public Service:
The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace.


